Add new capstone document for advice from staff (#53)
gSchool/ada-developer-skills: capstone-overview/advice-from-staff.md

# Advice from Staff

This is just some additional advice from staff to supplement but certainly not replace the [Advice from Students](advice-from-students.md) document.

> ## Sprint Board

Reviewer: You call it a "planning board" in the intro of this section:

```suggestion
## Planning Board
```

Tools are more useful when we understand their purpose. A planning (Trello) board is meant to help you with:
* Focus (ideally one thing in progress at a time) 
    * Also when you think of other things you need to do, you can add a card to the backlog real quick and come back to your current task.

> * A sense of completion (hopefully your cards are small enough that you’re able to complete at least one almost every day)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A sense of completion (your cards should be small enough that you’re able to complete at least one almost every day.  If this isn't true split them into smaller pieces.)
```

* A visual representation of your priorities - ensuring you will get to the things that are most important and not get distracted by other things

>     * Organize Trello cards by “Sprint/Week”. (This way you have some idea how you’re tracking: whether you’re ahead, behind, or on-track)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Organize your Trello cards into columns for each “Sprint/Week”. (This way you have some idea how you’re tracking: whether you’re ahead, behind, or on-track)
```

* Coordination - understanding who is working on what (for pairs only)

## Standup

It is very common for standup meetings to talk much more time than anyone really wants them to. It may help to write down your answers to the 3 standup questions before standup time or make time for writing answers down at the beginning of standup time. (This helps to avoid rambling or forgetting something important

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The three questions to answer at each standup are:
* What did you do since last standup?
* What are you going to work on next?
* Do you have any blockers (things you need help with)?
```
